Revision to assumptions page (#4)
dankrad/rsacash: rsa-assumptions.md

 * The Adaptive Root assumption implies the Low Order assumption. Indeed, for an element $$w$$ of order $$l$$ one can compute a $$q$$-th root by setting $$u = w^{q^{-1}\bmod{l}}$$. 
 * The Strong RSA assumption implies the RSA assumption (trivially).
 * The Strong RSA assumption implies the QR-Strong assumption (almost trivial, due to the size of $$QR_N$$).
 * For $$N=pq$$, where $$p \neq q$$ are safe primes, the Low Order assumption unconditionally holds in $$QR_N$$, because it contains no elements of low order.
 * For an RSA modulus $$N$$, the Order assumption in the multiplicative group mod $$N$$ is equivalent to factoring.

>  * The Low Order assumption in the multiplicative group mod $$N$$ implies factoring in the case where $$l$$ is even and $$u^(l/2) /neq -1 (mod N)$$. Indeed, in this case, given $$(u,l)$$, one can apply the classical step in Shor's factoring algorithm.

Reviewer: You could write that in this case $$u^l-1$$ admits a non-trivial decomposition modulo N, which leads to factoring. This does not require referencing Shor's algorithm, as it dates back to 1970s at least.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * The Low Order assumption in the multiplicative group mod $$N$$ implies factoring in the case where $$l$$ is even and $$u^(l/2) /neq -1 (mod N)$$. Indeed, in this case, $$u^l-1$$ admits a non-trivial decomposition modulo N, which leads to factoring
```
